Fixed #35945 -- Added async interface to Paginator (#18938)
django/django: docs/ref/paginator.txt

    A 1-based range iterator of page numbers, e.g. yielding ``[1, 2, 3, 4]``.

``AsyncPaginator`` class
========================

> .. versionadded:: 5.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 6.0
```
As we're past the 5.2 feature freeze, we need to update these to say 6.0 
Can you also move the release note to the 6.0 release notes?

Author: Yes! I'll move it

    A 1-based range iterator of page numbers, e.g. yielding ``[1, 2, 3, 4]``.

``AsyncPaginator`` class
========================

> .. class:: AsyncPaginator(object_list, per_page, orphans=0, allow_empty_first_page=True, error_messages=None)

Reviewer 2: Please add versionadded annotations.

Author: I missed that! Thanks for letting me know😀

    A 1-based range iterator of page numbers, e.g. yielding ``[1, 2, 3, 4]``.

``AsyncPaginator`` class
========================

.. versionadded:: 5.2

.. class:: AsyncPaginator(object_list, per_page, orphans=0, allow_empty_first_page=True, error_messages=None)

    Asynchronous version of :class:`Paginator`.

> .. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.object_list
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.object_list`.
> 
> .. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.per_page
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.per_page`.
> 
> .. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.orphans
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.orphans`.
> 
> .. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.allow_empty_first_page
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.allow_empty_first_page`.
> 
> .. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.error_messages
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.error_messages`.
> 
> Methods
> -------
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPaginator.aget_page(number)
> 
>     See :meth:`.Paginator.get_page`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPaginator.apage(number)
> 
>     See :meth:`.Paginator.page`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPaginator.aget_elided_page_range(number, *, on_each_side=3, on_ends=2)
> 
>     See :meth:`.Paginator.get_elided_page_range`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPaginator.acount()
> 
>     The asynchronous version is supported as a method.
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.count`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPaginator.anum_pages()
> 
>     The asynchronous version is supported as a method.
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.num_pages`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPaginator.apage_range()
> 
>     The asynchronous version is supported as a method.
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.page_range`.
> 
> Attributes
> ----------
> 
> .. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.ELLIPSIS
> 
>     See :attr:`.Paginator.ELLIPSIS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``AsyncPaginator`` has the same attributes and signatures as
    :class:`Paginator`, with the following exceptions:

    * The attribute :attr:`.Paginator.count` is supported as an asynchronous
      method ``AsyncPaginator.acount()``.
    * The attribute :attr:`.Paginator.num_pages` is supported as an
      asynchronous method ``AsyncPaginator.anum_pages()``.
    * The attribute :attr:`.Paginator.page_range` is supported as an
      asynchronous method ``AsyncPaginator.apage_range()``.

    ``AsyncPaginator`` has asynchronous versions of the same methods as
    :class:`Paginator`, using an ``a`` prefix - for example, use
    ``await async_paginator.aget_page(number)`` rather than
    ``paginator.get_page(number)``.
```
Taking inspiration from `AsyncClient` I think we should summarize this a bit more rather than creating lots of methods/attributes which point to the sync version

    See :attr:`.Paginator.per_page`.

.. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.orphans

    See :attr:`.Paginator.orphans`.

.. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.allow_empty_first_page

    See :attr:`.Paginator.allow_empty_first_page`.

.. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.error_messages

    See :attr:`.Paginator.error_messages`.

Methods
-------

.. method:: AsyncPaginator.aget_page(number)

    See :meth:`.Paginator.get_page`.

.. method:: AsyncPaginator.apage(number)

    See :meth:`.Paginator.page`.

.. method:: AsyncPaginator.aget_elided_page_range(number, *, on_each_side=3, on_ends=2)

    See :meth:`.Paginator.get_elided_page_range`.

.. method:: AsyncPaginator.acount()

    The asynchronous version is supported as a method.

    See :attr:`.Paginator.count`.

.. method:: AsyncPaginator.anum_pages()

    The asynchronous version is supported as a method.

    See :attr:`.Paginator.num_pages`.

.. method:: AsyncPaginator.apage_range()

    The asynchronous version is supported as a method.

    See :attr:`.Paginator.page_range`.

Attributes
----------

.. attribute:: AsyncPaginator.ELLIPSIS

    See :attr:`.Paginator.ELLIPSIS`.

``Page`` class
==============

> .. versionadded:: 5.2

Reviewer 2: I think this annotation was meant to go elsewhere, maybe to ELLIPSIS or AsyncPage?

Author: AsyncPage is right, thank you!

    The associated :class:`Paginator` object.

``AsyncPage`` class
===================

.. versionadded:: 5.2

.. class:: AsyncPage(object_list, number, paginator)

    Asynchronous version of :class:`Page`.

>     AsyncPage does not behave like a sequence.
> 
>     You need to use :meth:`.AsyncPage.alength`. and :meth:`.AsyncPage.agetitem`.
> 
> Methods
> -------
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.agetitem()
> 
>     Returns the point at the specified index
>     for :attr:`.AsyncPage.object_list`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.alength()
> 
>     Returns length of :attr:`.AsyncPage.object_list`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.ahas_next()
> 
>     See :meth:`.Page.has_next`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.ahas_previous()
> 
>     See :meth:`.Page.has_previous`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.ahas_other_pages()
> 
>     See :meth:`.Page.has_other_pages`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.anext_page_number()
> 
>     See :meth:`.Page.next_page_number`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.aprevious_page_number()
> 
>     See :meth:`.Page.previous_page_number`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.astart_index()
> 
>     See :meth:`.Page.start_index`.
> 
> .. method:: AsyncPage.aend_index()
> 
>     See :meth:`.Page.end_index`.
> 
> 
> Attributes
> ----------
> 
> .. attribute:: AsyncPage.object_list
> 
>     See :attr:`.Page.object_list`.
> 
> .. attribute:: AsyncPage.number
> 
>     See :attr:`.Page.number`.
> 
> .. attribute:: AsyncPage.paginator
> 
>     See :attr:`.Page.paginator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``AsyncPage`` has the same attributes and signatures as :class:`Page`, as
    well as asynchronous versions of all the same methods, using an ``a``
    prefix - for example, use ``await async_page.ahas_next()`` rather than
    ``page.has_next()``.

    However, as ``AsyncPage`` does not act like a sequence of
    ``AsyncPage.object_list`` when using ``len()`` or indexing it directly,
    instead the asynchronous methods :meth:`.AsyncPage.alength` and
    :meth:`.AsyncPage.agetitem` should be used.

    ``AsyncPage`` has the following additional methods:

    .. method:: agetitem()

        Returns the point at the specified index for ``AsyncPage.object_list``.

    .. method:: alength()

        Returns length of ``AsyncPage.object_list``.
```
